Loaded modules:

Lmod is automatically replacing "intel-oneapi-compilers/2022.1.0" with
"gcc/11.3.0".

bamtools  2.5.2  environment loaded 
bedtools  2.31.1  environment loaded 
Bioperl  1.7.8  environment loaded 
java  1.8.0_302  environment loaded 
EMBOSS  6.5.7  environment loaded 
BLAST  2.16.0  environment loaded 
Bowtie  1.2.3  environment loaded 
Bowtie2  2.5.3  environment loaded 
BWA  0.7.18  environment loaded 
cd-hit  4.8.1  environment loaded 
clustalo  1.2.4  environment loaded 
clustalw  2.1  environment loaded 
cufflinks  2.2.1  environment loaded 
diamond  2.1.10  environment loaded 
EMBOSS  6.5.7  environment loaded 
Exonerate  2.4.0  environment loaded 
fastx-toolkit  0.0.14  environment loaded 
hisat2  2.2.1  environment loaded 
hmmer  3.4  environment loaded 
itsx  1.1.3  environment loaded 
kraken  2.1.5  environment loaded 
krona  2.8.1  environment loaded 
mafft  7.505  environment loaded 
minimap2  2.28  environment loaded 
Mummer  4.0.0brc1  environment loaded 
muscle  5.1  environment loaded 
SANSPANZ  3  environment loaded 
Phylip  3.697  environment loaded 
picard  2.27.5  environment loaded 
prinseq  0.20.4  environment loaded 
samtools  1.21  environment loaded 
sratoolkit  3.0.0  environment loaded 
stacks  2.65  environment loaded 
star  2.7.11b  environment loaded 
trimmomatic  0.39  environment loaded 
samtools  1.16.1  environment loaded 
Trinity 2.8.5  environment loaded 
vcftools  0.1.17  environment loaded 
Velvet 1.2.10  environment loaded 
vsearch  2.22.1  environment loaded 
wtdbg2  2.5  environment loaded 
 

Due to MODULEPATH changes, the following have been reloaded:
  1) openmpi/4.1.4

